SIMULATIONIST ADVENTURE GAME AUTHORIZATION (SAGA) LICENSE v1.0

1\. Definitions:

(a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have
contributed Authorized Game Content including without limitation
Autarch, LLC;

(b)”Derivative Work” means roleplaying games, roleplaying game
supplements, and roleplaying accessories, in physical or PDF form, which
include, adapt, modify, extend, upgrade, improve, compile, or otherwise
incorporate Authorized Game Content published under this License. To
qualify as a Derivative Work, a work (i) must be sufficiently distinct
from the work from which it is derived to be considered a new creation;
(ii) must not incorporate more than one-fourth of the Authorized Game
Content of any other individual work into itself as judged in the
reasonable discretion of the owner(s) of the Authorized Game Content;
and (iii) must be of sufficient length that not more than one-fourth of
the work’s text is derivative of other Authorized Game Content as judged
in the reasonable discretion of the owner(s) of the Authorized Game
Content. For avoidance of doubt, Derivative Works do not include mere
duplications or compilations of Authorized Game Content, nor works made
for console/PC, film, television, or internet streaming.

\(c\) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, sell, publicly display, or
otherwise distribute;

(d)"Authorized Game Content" means the content of any work published
under this License designated as such,  excluding content designated as
Product Identity. Examples of Authorized Game Content include core game
mechanics and rules.

(e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and
identifying marks including trade dress; any other trademark or
registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner
of the Product Identity and any content in a work designated as Product
Identity., and which specifically excludes the Authorized Game Content;

(f) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit,
format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of
Authorized Game Content.

(g) "You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.

(h) “Bad Games” means story games, narrativist role-playing games,
cooperative storytelling games, and rules-light indie games.

2\. The License: This license grants the licensee the rights to create
Derivative Works derived from Authored Game Content provided such
Derivative Works are not otherwise in violation of the terms of this
License. This license shall include the right to sell, license or
otherwise distribute such Derivative Works. This License applies to any
Authorized Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the
Authorized Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this
License. You must affix such a notice to any Authorized Game Content
that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License.
No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Authorized Game
Content distributed using this License.

3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Authorized Game Content You
indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.

4.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE
portion of this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT
NOTICE of any Authorized Game Content You are copying, modifying or
distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the
copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original
Authorized Game Content you Distribute.

5\. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity
in your Derivative Works, except as truthfully describing compatibility.
The owner of any Product Identity used in Authorized Game Content shall
retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity.

6\. Identification: If you distribute Authorized Game Content You must
clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing
are Authorized Game Content.

7\. Updating the License: Autarch or its designated Agents may publish
updated versions of this License. The updated License shall apply only
to new content provided after the effective date of the updated License.

8\. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with
every copy of the Authorized Game Content You Distribute.

9\. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the
Authorized Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You
have written permission from the Contributor to do so.

12\. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any
of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the
Authorized Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental
regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.

13\. Limits on Use: Derivative Works under this License may not:

(a) include any content that would generally be considered by the public
as being obscene or pornographic.

(b) be intended to disparage, libel, parody, satirize, or slander the
owner of Authorized Game Content used in the Derivative Work.

(c) be or support Bad Games. You acknowledge and agree that using this
License to create or support Bad Games will irrevocably disqualify you
from using this License in any and all future Derivative Works in
perpetuity throughout the universe. For real, don’t do it.

14\. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You are
notified by an owner of Authorized Game Content used in Your Derivative
Work that you have breached one or more of the terms herein and fail to
cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. When
this License is terminated, you will immediately cease distribution of
the Derivative Work.

15\. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable.
